# ShoppingApplication
You are to create an shopping application as outlined below. You are to create a UML class diagram which details all the java classes used in your application. 
PART 1
You are to write the following java classes:
1.A Product class. This will be a generic class for Products that a company may sell. It will have attributes for the following: name, description, price and productID. Use appropriate data types. Write getters and setters for all attributes. Write a method called print() that prints the Product information to the screen. A unique productID is assigned to the product when it is created. You can use a static int to achieve this.
2.A Phone class. It will Inherit from the Product class. It will have attributes for make (Apple, Motorola, Samsung, etc), model (iPhone 6, Moto X, Galaxy S5, etc), and storage space (in gigabytes). Write getters and setters and Overload the print() method that's inherited from the Product class. Make use of the super.print() call.
3.A TV class. It will Inherit from the Product class. It will have attributes for make, screen size, type (LCD, LED, Plasma) and whether or not it is 3D capable. Write getters and setters and overload the print() method. 
4.Write a ProductDB class which manages an ArrayList of Products. The class provides methods to add, remove and find a product. The find method returns a product with a matching productID.
5.Write an Order class which manages an ArrayList of Products.
6.Write a Customer class that has attributes name, address. A Customer object also has an ArrayList of Orders.
7.Write a Test class that instantiates a number of phones and TVs and sets their attributes. Create some Customer objects. Create a ProductDB object.  Add all your products to the object. Create some Order objects for a given Customer and add some orders to that Customer object. See example code below (Note not all parameters are shown).Phone p = new Phone(“Apple”, “iphone6”,  ..); // all parameters not shown Phone p1 = new Phone(“Samsung”,”Galaxy 8”, ...); ProductDB database = new ProductDB();database.add(p1);database.add(p);Customer Mary = new Customer(“Mary” ..);Order o = new Order();o.add(p,12); // ordered 12 iphone 6 productso.add(p1,1); //ordered 1 Galaxy 8Mary.addOrder(o);
PART 2You are to create a UML class diagram which details all the java classes used in your application. 
PART 3Provide a menu in your Test class which has the following options:1. Create a new phone.2. Create a new Customer.3. Search for a product by supplying the productid.4. Display all products in the database.5. Allow a customer to order some products.6. Display all orders that a customer has made and all the products that are in a given order.7. Display all orders for a given product by supplying the productid.8. Quit Example run of the menu system user input shown in bold:
1. Create a new phone.2. Create a new Customer.3. Search for a product by supplying the productid.4. Display all products in the database.5. Allow a customer to order some products.6. Display all orders that a customer has made and all the products that are in a given order.7. Display all orders for a given product by supplying the productid.8. Quit5Enter the customers nameJoeEnter a product id and a quantity. Enter -1 to finish2 3 You ordered 3 iphones6Enter a product id and a quantity. Enter -1 to finish3 2You ordered 2 galaxy s6 Enter a product id and a quantity. Enter -1 to finish-1Please enter a menu option1. Create a new phone.2. Create a new Customer.3. Search for a product by supplying the productid.4. Display all products in the database.5. Allow a customer to order some products.6. Display all orders that a customer has made and all the products that are in a given order.7. Display all orders for a given product by supplying the productid.8. Quit5Enter the customers nameJoeEnter a product id and a quantity. Enter -1 to finish2 1 You ordered 1 iphones6
Enter a product id and a quantity. Enter -1 to finish3 1You ordered 1 galaxy s6 Enter a product id and a quantity. Enter -1 to finish-1Please enter a menu option1. Create a new phone.2. Create a new Customer.3. Search for a product by supplying the productid.4. Display all products in the database.5. Allow a customer to order some products.6. Display all orders that a customer has made and all the products that are in a given order.7. Display all orders for a given product by supplying the productid.8. Quit6Enter the customers nameJoeThe Orders for Joe are as follows:Order 1:3 iphones62 galaxy s6 Order 2:1 iphones61 galaxy s6 Please enter a menu option1. Create a new phone.2. Create a new Customer.3. Search for a product by supplying the productid.4. Display all products in the database.5. Allow a customer to order some products.6. Display all orders that a customer has made and all the products that are in a given order.7. Display all orders for a given product by supplying the productid.8. Quit
8Goodbye
